This is my Nishanger
Why do you still want to do it?
Nishanger is all mine
And that includes you.
It's mine too.
What am I afraid of?
I'll give you two options.
Bring it yourself
2 I will ask someone to bring it for you.
Sorry, I
Choose with personality
I'll have someone bring it for you.
Oops stop
Okay, it's too hospitable.
Ok ok
You wait for me.
You will die without a burial after the conference
See you.
Mr. Ip, of course.
This is a special VIP invitation.
Nature is not the same as an ordinary invitation
This VIP invitation
I guess it's the only one at the entire antique convention
Oh, I see.
Then thank you Boss Liang
VIP and invitation letter